[Music]
hey guys and welcome to toy review TV of
this time Appa for review it is the hot
wheels of stunts charges of vehicles
this has a powerful electric motor
inside and it does soom off when charged
it up as you can see there steps one and
A two
you can see charging and zooming off
into action these are five years and
upwards on the I'd range these are of
course made by Mattel there is the rear
of the packaging showing you the stunt
racer bearing down stairs out of the
ramps and all kinds of things and there
are all the ones that you can collect
there are four different variations and
as he says there they are available on
two wheels and we have the four wheel
variation as well but the one we have at
this time is the two wheel variation in
a green and blue so let's open this up
undertake are you better look so here is
your stunt charger does come with this
base which does require three double A
batteries which you can access through
this compartment and a screwdriver now
we get this contact point on the top of
this will charge up your stunted charger
and when this button is depressed it
will bring these two metal pins up which
do contact with these two metal plates
at at the bottom and two now you have it
in the right position we have these two
holes which should line up with these
two pins and then once those are in line
you can push down on your stunt charger
and it will charge your son's charger or
both let's have a look at this first we
do get these of soft robot wheels
because he needs to be able to bounce
off walls because it is a stuntin
vehicle when you get this translucent a
green plastic which does light up after
the top and there we get the translucent
black plastic and inside there you can
see the working cogs and also the
electrical components as well wishes are
really really cool now lets you charge
this up let's to line this up
let's get those holes are lined up with
the pins underneath and then all we need
to do is push down on the stunt charger
hand
so absolutely off the walls off the
walls again and if you have a rump you
can get it to jump off the ramp and our
stunt charges just went for a little
trip off the end of the table this is
very adventurous and there you go still
some charged in it and it does hold the
charger very well I'll say and then it
is ready to be charged again but that is
pretty much it guys these wheels do
comment in a very effective when it
bounces off those walls and it does flip
over and it is a double sided vehicle it
can run upside-down as well and don't
forget you can get these in two and
four-wheel variations so lots of fun to
be had
now these are great value from one of
your my opinion fall around about the 12
pound market in that you okay you will
get lots of playability out of this toy
and I wouldn't imagine you will get
bored with this too easily so it does
have a longevity as well but there you
have it guys that is your stunt charges
a fantastic toy from Hot Wheels and
Mattel and this definitely gets a
massive toy review TV a thumbs up well
as always guys thank you for tuning in
of course please do stay tuned for more
awesome toy reviews right coming to our
subscribe and I will see you here next
time on toy review TV
[Music]